The most important part of your journey are the projects we've prepared for you.
Through these projects, you'll get to apply what you learn in a unique hands-on way.
These are the major milestones in your journey,
really cool deep learning models you can show off to your friends and family.
And you're not just submitting projects into the ether.
You'll get in-depth code review from Udacity's deep learning experts,
so you can iterate and truly master these concepts.
The first project, which you'll be able to start in just a few minutes,
will have you building your first neural network.
You'll use it to predict daily bike rentals.
In the second project,
you'll build a model which detects if a dog is in a picture.
And if there is, it predicts its breed.
If there's a human in the picture,
it will tell you what breed of dog the human looks like the most.
In the third project,
you'll use a recurrent neural network to generate new scripts for your favorite TV show.
So you can live in a world where Firefly was never canceled.
In the fourth project,
you'll use a generative adversarial network to create novel human faces.
And finally, for the fifth project,
you'll use deep reinforcement learning to automate flying drones.
Some of the content may be familiar if you've taken other Udacity courses.
If you've seen it before, feel free to skip ahead,
although we do recommend you to go over it to
refresh your memory and strengthen your understanding.
We have a large corpus of material to pull from and we like to
utilize our most effective materials when teaching select concepts.